doc: support `os.sshd.sftp` (#535)
harvester/docs: docs/install/harvester-configuration.md

    mylabel: myvalue
```

### `os.sshd.sftp`

#### Definition

> `os.sshd` is used to config the sshd. Now, Harvester only supports the `sftp` as the subparameter of `os.sshd`.

Reviewer: perhaps say set the field to true enable the SFTP subsystem.

Author: Add the comment to the example yaml file.
Thanks for the suggestion!

> `os.sshd` is used to config the sshd. Now, Harvester only supports the `sftp` as the subparameter of `os.sshd`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Subsystem used to configure the OpenSSH Daemon (sshd). Harvester currently only supports `sftp`.
```

#### Example

```yaml
os:
  sshd:

>     sftp: true  #  means enable the SFTP subsystem

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    sftp: true  #  The SFTP subsystem is enabled.
```
